WWW-Slides version 0.0.2

WWW::Slides is (well, will be) a system for serving presentation on the
web, with one (or more) "speakers" controlling what's seen by a
"vast" audience of attendees. It relies on HTTP streaming and CSS
in order to send different slides and force browsers to show the
correct one.

The distribution is an ongoing project, but you can already have a working
example by using the "console.pl" script inside the "scripts" directory.
It has full documentation so you should be able to start seeing something
interesting now. To use the script, you don't have to actually install
the module, but you must install the dependencies, of course (see below).

Documentation for the modules will come, together with a complete test
suite (the current one is sort of complete for the modules that are
addressed, anyway).

You can already see it all in action using the stuff in the script
directory. The console.pl script is by far the most complete (with
documentation, too); if you want to try the webslides-cgi.pl script
(as a CGI, of course) please remember to change the shebang line
at the very beginning with the place where your perl resides
(in most cases, call 'which perl' from the shell and see what the
result is). I'll try to figure out how to fix this in the future.


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install


Alternatively, to install with Module::Build, you can use the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install



DEPENDENCIES

Quite a few. Core:

* strict
* warnings
* Carp
* English
* Socket
* IO::Socket
* IO::Select
* IO::Handle


Will-be-core:

* version

Non-core:

* Object::InsideOut
* Term::ReadLine (if you want to use the basic console)
* HTTP::Response (LWP)
* Digest::MD5


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2007, Flavio Poletti

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
